hello Internet my name is Sara Dee she
runs the peachy if you're new around
here and gosh dang it I'm a youtuber so
I'm gonna share a day in the life I
haven't seen so many of these videos
floating around and I actually started
this video three months ago
and so that's lesson one of being a
youtuber things never go right ever but
to kick things off I reached out to some
of my youtuber friends and I was like yo
what is what is your everyday like
because I know for me every day is so
different so she wants to know I wake up
at 6 a.m. and I head straight to the
skate park a day the life of you
tricking and well that usually consists
of waking up and drinking an unhealthy
amount of a coffee at I was Tim Hortons
I wake up check my phone messages email
Twitter Instagram YouTube I do that
every single day for at least like a
minimum so the very first thing I do
every morning is try to do something
active since I'm in front of a computer
and death all day Sunday's were out
surfing other days we're out making
YouTube videos today we're shooting a
commercial right now so we have this
crazy flight setup there's Lizzy eat
breakfast and then I write a sketch or I
edit a sketch when I edit a script or I
write an essay for this book that's
super overdue the launch of the iPhone
and how crazy it's been I'm also like
two months behind on emails so time to
catch up on that and I make sure to edit
my videos a little bit in the morning
and around lunchtime and actually a
little bit after dinner as well and I
probably film videos up until 4:00 p.m.
probably contemplate a video title for
about two hours and then change the
thumbnail 13 times before settling on
something that I like at home and I hang
out with my lovely girlfriend we eat
dinner and we end up watching three
episodes of Hartzler recreation I try to
do some type of like physical activity
like the gym I don't do that every day
and try to see my friends but I don't
get to do that as much as I'd like this
video is broken down and too
typical days the best part about being a
youtuber is no day is alike so typical
day at number one is more of a work day
really doesn't have much to do with
YouTube itself it is typically start
around 7 to 8 a.m. and they usually
start with just editing or something on
my computer but this morning I had to go
all the way down to Tribeca and grab all
of my camera equipment because I'm going
to be doing a big video shoot today
which I'll get to in a minute
but I've just been charging batteries
kind of getting crapped riding out
interview questions I have a couple
phone calls that I'm linking up for
someone who's helping me film to go do
this video shoot why this is the workday
if this is stuff that you guys might
never see on YouTube this is where I
take some of the stuff that I do on
YouTube whether it's interviewing
creative people who are entrepreneurs
and I take it to companies and I say hey
I can do that too and I inject my bubbly
interview personality in it but I'm also
responsible for capturing
[Music]
we're picking up a TV station that's the
downside with Wireless laws check we're
trying to make this setting a little bit
more exciting
we have Time Square in the background
but these billboards doh so the idea
raised I want to explore how we can use
to visualize
[Music]
so I'm gonna be doing this twice doing
this all over tomorrow hey guys how'd it
go hey so these are three out of the
seven new Adobe residents so it's very
exciting Senor Bloo good luck guys
awkward typos
[Music]
first half of the day Eric is here for
for usually my second podcast ever
sharing Bailey's stuff it still has its
value but now it's more not how do you
produce but just structured with a point
content like I want to click on a
thumbnail and if the opening frame of
the video isn't that thumbnail or isn't
directly to the point I will click off
and that's how I designed my content now
just finished it was so amazing now in
the over on Eric's channel I'm gonna
chime in for this video Mike hellotalk
that's good that was the best first
podcast I ever could have hoped to be on
we have like four other things to do
today
so I just finished a little bit of a
script for a video I am shooting for
hint water for like a Facebook ad or
something and now I'm writing out
questions for another podcast I'm doing
today right after the hint shoot is with
new I Patel he works at the verge
[Music]
so we almost finished up the hint shoot
it's not quite finished but we are short
on time today so I'm gonna have to
finish that later right now we're gonna
head to the verge to do a podcast with
Nilay Patel he's editor in chief so I'm
super excited it's fun that we're
talking about blogging cuz if you're
fourteen out there listening to this
blogging what is vlogging but with words
and you know I'm gonna die
I got what if I what if I just die right
Neal I was amazing I think the podcast
went alright yeah it's really cool to
chat with him but now the last collab of
the day Leah I would know a lot of stuff
today it's been crazy but leah is super
talented yeah we're going to just get
into some creative thing Matt I love
that this day started at 9:45 a.m. I was
saying goodbye to you okay
this day I did two podcast films like
three videos three ish videos right and
now I'm hungry
oh we should eat food because I forget
to eat lunch so we hang out we should
it's on my to-do list hang with
girlfriend at the end so I that's what
you have to do when you're in YouTube
right you know you gotta like put your
girlfriend and boyfriend on a to-do list
cuz that's the only way you'll hang out
with them that's true
just hang out a lot just some days or
more than the other and less than any
other cute
[Music]
that's where all the magic happens for
me personally the most fun I have is in
the edit so I do a lot of documentary
style stuff docu-series how I got my
start is essentially I filmed 13
different day in the lives of different
creators photographers filmmakers and I
called it creative spaces TV and it was
my 13 episode docu-series about creative
process it was beautiful it was fun but
the Edit that's where all of the magic
happened because I would go and shoot
all day I would shoot all the things and
I somehow had to boil it down to a 10 to
15 minute video for me this is my time
to express myself you know I like dark
in my room I go on my little corner and
I can edit for sometimes eight hours at
a time I am somewhat an introvert so I
kind of recharged and that way but my
two setups like Sarah stop blabbering on
what do you add it with right so I have
my PC I have been using an Origin PC but
I have my main gear beast of a computer
coming that is just gonna it's gonna
churn through files and premiere it's
gonna at an hour-long podcast in like
two minutes I'm speaking it into the
universe I can't wait to have it and
then my run-and-gun set up it is my 2016
MacBook Pro when I'm here in the office
I set it up here with my two Thunderbolt
displays they're not 4k they're not
Retina you know but they look great
don't they I will say having a MacBook
Pro setup when you use Adobe Premiere
not the best that's why I've kind of
been getting into pcs as of recently so
I can stay in Premiere because I love
premiere speaking of editing as it is
yes my third pillar update
life of a youtuber well I need to get
cracking on this video so so I finished
my video and this is the most exciting
part time to share it with my audience I
hit the upload button and wait for
people's feedback oh what a relief
uploading is after four to eight hours
of editing for one video I hope everyone
enjoys it there's this app called the
YouTube studio app where it shows the
real-time views meaning how many people
are actually watching your video in real
time hmm that's weird I'm not getting as
many views in the first hour as normal
that's not good okay I'll just put my
phone down well what are the comments
say oh that's nice what seriously I
spent strolling editing a video and it
takes two seconds for someone to leave a
hate comment wow this video is really
not getting any views this is going to
affect my entire channel my career is
over it's being a youtuber even a career
oh my god it feels like my entire world
is crumbling down which is silly I know
oh I'm sad I'm gonna make another video
I guess hey guys welcome back to the
channel so glad for you guys to be here
today
you